I'm going to go to this next part here
creating a call to action button and
making this responsive.
Donald Miller, who works for
a his own company, is called StoryBrand,
he wrote a book called
Building A Better StoryBrand.
He has some really great pointers for
great content and
convincing people who visit your website
to do whatever it is you want them to do,
to buy something, to register for your
newsletter, whatever it happens to be.
A big call to action in the navbar is
one of the things that he recommends.
And here inside of this navbar
what is the big call to action?
What do we really want someone
visiting this website to do?
We probably want them to take
a look at your resume, right?
Because ultimately a portfolio
is about getting hired.
So we would like to highlight that
resume button in some way and
bring attention to it.
And one way to do that is
to turn it into a button.
Now there are HTML button elements and
there are link elements.
That's the a tag,
what's the difference between the two?
The actual HTML button element has
to do with executing something.
So in other words, it has JavaScript
functionality generally associated
with it, or it is what you click
on when you submit a form.
So it's not about a link,
a link has to be when I click this thing,
I go to another page,
whether that's a page on my website or
it's a page on another website, or
even somewhere else on the same page.
That is the whole purpose of a link,
a button is all about executing something,
submit a form or
open a modal window or whatever else
you might be doing with buttons.
There's a lot of things you can do.
So the markup that we have this
resume button is in fact correct,
we don't want to change that
to a HTML button element.
What we need to style our link such that
it actually looks like a button, okay.
So that is what we're
going to try to do next.
And the best way to do this, I think,
you can certainly mess around with
all kinds of funky CSS selectors, but
what I'm going to do is I'm
simply going to make a class and
I'm going to put it inside of that Ref,
an element itself.
I'm going to call it a class and
I'm real creative.
I'm going to call it button,
class of button.
Okay, so let's add that to our HTML and
then we can style that.
So here in my CSS,
I'm going to call a class of, Button.
And then we can start configuring things.
So as you know from our web page, that is
a hot magenta or it's a magenta button.
It's got that hot magenta
color when we hover over.
It's got some rounded colors it is the
mono sort of font there's no underlying
all of those things are really
important to that particular button.
So let's go ahead and
style that up accordingly then so
it has a background hyphen
color of var what, magenta.
So there's that background
color right off the bat, right?
But that looks a little bit tight, so we
probably wanna add some padding to that.
So padding 0.5 rem, okay so
that gives you a little bit
of space between the text and
the edges of your button and
then all we need to do is round
the corners, border radius.
Five pixels and so that of course
is subject to your designer eye.
If you think that the corner
should be more rounded or
if you think that there should
be more padding or less padding,
you can of course make all of
those adjustments accordingly.
But this is what looked good to me,
so that's good.
That looks pretty good right there,
well, we got a bit of a problem.
When we roll our mouse over that button,
the text disappears.
That's because by default, our links
are styled to be the color of this button.
So we're gonna need to do
something about that, right?
So let's write that style
dot button cowen hover.
We want the color to be white or
var white.
So when we roll our mouse over,
we keep our text and
we're gonna change our background color.
To var, dot mag,
there we go.
So, now we have a really big
call to action right there,
on the button draws your attention very,
clearly right to that button so,
you can see what's happening there.